{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1040\deflangfe1040{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\lang1033\b\f0\fs22 Device setting (from the KMTronic Howto)\par
\b0\par
The default IP address of the device is 192.168.1.199. If your LAN IP mask is different, you need one time access to network 192.168.1.x to change default setting of KMTronic.\par
\par
Open a browser and type 192.168.1.199.\par
\par
The default user is admin with password admin.\par
\par
In \ldblquote Configuration\rdblquote  menu you can change default IP Address, Gateway and HTTP Port.\par
\par
For the integration with Control4, the device must have a fixed IP address. Please, set it on the device or in your DHCP server setting.\par
\par
In \ldblquote Authorization Configuration\rdblquote  you can change username name and password for device authentication. They will be required during the Driver configuration, so write them down.\par
\par
Verify on web page of Temperature Monitor if your sensors work.\par
\par
\b Driver installation\par
\b0\par
Install the driver in your Control4 project using the composer (as any other driver) and set the folllowing properties:\par
\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Debug: in normal operating conditions is better to set it to \ldblquote Off\rdblquote\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 KMTronic IP: device IP you set in the previous step.\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 KMTronic Port: device HTTP Port if you changed it.\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 KMTronic User & KMTronic Password: the one you use to access to the device from a browser (web interface).\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Polling minutess: select the frequency you want to update Control4 about the change of sensors status.\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Calibrate sensor: you can calibrate your sensor here.\par
\f1\'b7\tab\f0 License code: copy & paste here the license code obtained during the license buying process.\par
\pard\ltrpar\nowidctlpar  \par
\par
\b Connection\par
\b0\par
For each temperature sensor, you will find a Temp_Sensor connection that allows to connect it to the Yatun Software Thermostat (Free) - www.yatundev.eu/drivers/software-thermostat-free\par
\par
You simply have to create new connections with Temperature Input.\par
\par
Have fun with our Made in Italy, Homemade Organic Drivers!\par
\par
\lang1040 c4.soft.kiwi\par
}
