{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1040{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Century Gothic;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Microsoft Sans Serif;}{\f3\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Helvetica Neue Light;}}
{\colortbl ;\red79\green129\blue189;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\ltrpar\cf1\lang1033\f0\fs24 KMTronic LAN Ethernet IP 8 channels WEB Relay board\cf0\f1\fs22\par
\lang1040\f2\fs17\par
\pard\ltrpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang1033\f3\fs20 To obtain a valid license code for the driver, you have to send us a message through the contact form you can find at:\par
\cf2\ul http://c4.soft.kiwi/kmtronic_relay.html\par
\pard\ltrpar\keep\keepn\s2\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\ulnone\f0\fs24 Driver installation\par
\pard\ltrpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f3\fs20 Install the driver in your Control4 project using the composer (as any other driver) and set the folllowing properties\par
\pard\ltrpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1 -\tab\f3 Debug: in normal operating conditions is better to set it to \ldblquote Off\rdblquote\par
\f1 -\tab\b\f3 KMTronic IP\b0 : device IP you set in the previous step.\par
\f1 -\tab\b\f3 KMTronic Port\b0 : device HTTP Port if you changed it.\par
\f1 -\tab\b\f3 KMTronic User & KMTronic Password\b0 : the one you use to access to the device from a browser (web interface).\par
\f1 -\tab\b\f3 Polling\b0 : Set it to \ldblquote On\rdblquote  only if you plan to change the state of the relay from the native KMTronic web interface, otherwise it is not necessary.\par
\f1 -\tab\b\f3 Polling seconds\b0 : select the frequency you want to update Control4 about the change coming from the KMTronic web interface.\par
\f1 -\tab\b\f3 Dealer e-mail: \b0 the email you communicated to obtain the license of the driver. \ul The license is bound to such email.\ulnone\par
\f1 -\tab\b\f3 Max KMT Relay Devices\b0 : maximum number of KMT Relay boards you are connecting to the C4 controller. It is the number we asked during the license buying process and the \ul license is bound to such number.\ulnone  The first license dealers get for free is limited to 2 boards.\par
\f1 -\tab\b\f3 License code\b0 : copy & paste here the license code we sent to you during the license buying process.\par
\pard\ltrpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1 You simply have to create new connections.\par
Have fun with our \lang1040 Homemade Organic Drivers\lang1033 !\par
\pard\ltrpar\cf2\ul\f0 c4.soft.kiwi\par
http://c4.soft.kiwi\cf0\ulnone\par
\par
For more info see pdf doc\par
\pard\ltrpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f3\par
\pard\ltrpar\lang1040\f2\fs17\par
}
